koivunherkkutatti:Boletus betulicola
herkkutatti:Boletus edulis
tammenherkkutatti:Boletus reticulatus
juurtotatti:Boletus radicans
lepäntatti:Gyrodon lividus
haavanpunikkitatti:Leccinum aurantiacum
koivunpunikkitatti:Leccinum versipelle
lehmäntatti:Leccinum scabrum
nokitatti:Leccinum variicolor
papukaijavahakas:Hygrocybe psittacina
punikkivahakas:Hygrocybe punicea
lampaanvahakas:Hygrocybe ovina
mustavahakas:Hygrophorus camarophyllus
tuoksuvahakas:Hygrophorus agathosmus
luumalikka:Clitocybe catinus
nuijamalikka:Clitocybe clavipes
pisamalikka:Lepista gilva
sinivalmuska:Lepista nuda
kultaheltta:Chrysomphalina chrysophylla
tupasjuurekas:Gymnopus confluens
kirpeäjuurekas:Gymnopus peronatus
kangaslohisieni:Laccaria bicolor
poimunapalakki:Lichenomphalina umbellifera
kalvasnuppiseitikki:Cortinarius talus
porraslimaseitikki:Cortinarius trivialis
monivyöseitikki:Cortinarius triumphans
suippumyrkkyseitikki:Cortinarius rubellus
nummilimaseitikki:Cortinarius mucosus
kermaraspikka:Basidioradulum radula
viherhaarakas:Ramaria abietina
purppuranuijakas:Clavaria purpurea
isorusokas:Entoloma sinuatum